the choice to get a masters or a doctorate really depends on the job that
you're seeking or the career path that you want to be on. Um, so
I think that my first piece of advice would be Thio. You know, once
you've kind of figured out what you want to dio do, find out, you know,
seek out people who are doing that job, Um, either personally or
just, you know, through the Internet or something like that. Or you
can even look through, like job postings for that kind of job and
see what is required to do what kind of degree is required to do that
job. And honestly, if the job that you ultimately wanna be in requires
a master's degree, there's really not a huge point in getting a
PhD. It's a huge investment of time and money and, you know, for the
for the career that you're wanting, you don't need tohave it. So I
would definitely take some time, do a little bit of research and find
out what kind of degree you need based on the job or career. You
ultimately want tohave